Happy holidays! Part 3 - The future architecture (#612)
PrestaShop/prestashop.github.io: news/_posts/2019-12-25-prestashop-in-2019-and-beyond-part-3-the-future-architecture.md

Based on the everything that we stated before, here's what we came up with:

![Schema of the Future Architecture][future-architecture-overview]
{: .text-center }

The future architecture is based on 5 key elements:

1. Core Domain
2. Front-end applications
3. Contracts and Tools (SDKs)
4. APIs
5. Extensions

The **Core** sits in the back-end and is at the center of it all. It accounts for all the business needs and use cases that PrestaShop is capable of doing (managing products, shopping carts, orders, etc.). The Core is _domain-oriented_, meaning that it is built around business use cases, expressed in an [ubiquitous language](https://enterprisecraftsmanship.com/posts/ubiquitous-language-naming/). The Core is also master of its own Domain; in  order to let it be the guardian of system-wide coherence, it has to be isolated from other services and be the only one capable of performing state transitions. Other services can only interact with the Core through well-defined interfaces, that we call the Core API. Incidentally, this also means that Core behavior can be _extended_, not _modified_, by other services–or at least not in a way that it puts system coherence at risk.

> In the future architecture, the Back Office (BO) and the Front Office (FO) are independent **front-end applications**, each one running entirely on the browser. They are fully component-based (our framework of choice is VueJs), and built using separate toolsets called **Software Development Kits** (SDKs): one for the FO, one for the BO. These SDKs would not only include reusable components, but also bidirectional communication channels based on stable **contracts**, both within the front-end application (events) as well as with the back-end. The BO SDK also integrates the UI Kit, which provides an uniform style for the whole Back Office.

Author: ```suggestion
In the future architecture, the Back Office (BO) and the Front Office (FO) are independent **front-end applications**, each one running entirely on the browser. They are fully component-based (our framework of choice is VueJs), and built using separate toolsets called **Software Development Kits** (SDKs): one for the FO, one for the BO. These SDKs would not only include reusable components, but also bidirectional communication channels based on stable **contracts**, both within the front-end application (events) as well as with the back-end (through APIs). The BO SDK also integrates the UI Kit, which provides a uniform style for the whole Back Office.
```
